c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll.config
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\UISPortal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\abida\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll.config
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\UISPortal.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\UISPortal.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\UISPortal.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
D:\Projects\MBRSC\UISPortal\UISPortal\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
